[USING] Move Change FAQ to separate chapter (#337)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

Alternatively, you can use your hardware wallet with Electrum, which connects to your Bitcoin Core full node through [Electrum Personal Server](https://github.com/chris-belcher/electrum-personal-server), [ElectrumX](https://github.com/kyuupichan/electrumx) or [Electrs](https://github.com/romanz/electrs).
:::

::::details
### What can I do with small change?

There are no hard and fast rules for what to do with the change.
Generally try to avoid the change and use the `Max` button extensively to send whole coins.
The most problematic type of change is what has `anonymity set 1` [red shield] You should treat it as a kind of toxic waste [handled with great care].
You can spend the change to the same entity as the initial transaction, without loosing any privacy.
Only spend the change to another entity, if these two won't make you trouble knowing you interact with both of them.

> If you need to, you can consolidate several change coins, but it is more private to do in a CoinJoin directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, you can consolidate several change coins, but we advise you to do it in a CoinJoin.
```

> In Joinmarket you can buy mixes worth exactly the amount of the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Joinmarket you can join mixes worth exactly the amount of the change.
```

Author: I wanted to emphasize this is market taker [who is buying liquidity from markert makers] but I was also stumbling upon this, i don't think its well described like this, so I agree with your change

> Or open a new lightning network node and channel and route the funds back to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or open a new Lightning Network node, create a channel and route the funds back to you.
```
